

1
It was an extremely rainy day today, winds were racing and items were flying everywhere. My umbrella was barely keeping up with the wind blazing like flames. All of a sudden I heard someone talking to me. I looked around and couldn’t see anyone, then I heard “I’m down here bro” and I looked down and it was a rat. But it seemed like it was talking? I quickly dismissed the thought but the rat kept talking. At this point I was beyond confused? Was i in a dream. I pinched myself but then it finally dawned on me. This is a real life talking rat. I didn’t know what to do now. I decided to pick up the rat and saw how skinny it was probably very hungry. He brought it home and served a small dish, the rat quickly devoured it like this was first time he tasted something this good (which was probably true)

2
Ring!! I opened the door and saw a dog standing on the front porch. He was a puppy. I immediately thought two things: what is he doing here, and wow is that cute. I looked around for an owner but couldn’t find any, and there was no collor on him. I decided to keep him for the day while I looked for any possible owners. A whole week passed by and I found no one. I decided to just keep him. 


3
There once was a guy who had robbed a bank and killed police, his nickname was Jeff the killer. He had gotten caught and sent to prison. He knew ways to escape prison, the sewers. He had been sent to prison a lot but he had escaped every time. This time he was trying to not get caught! First he broke into the gun shop to steal some guns.

 He wanted a keycard so he could go into the police station and get a police uniform, so he would look like a police officer. He broke into a car and drove it back to the prison. He saw guards outside. He killed the guards and stole their keycard. He snuck into the police station and got a police uniform, and put it on. Then he went to the bad guy base and hung out. After that he drove a car to the bank with his friend, Jeff jr. They both took 10,000 dollars from the bank and brought it back to the criminal base. 



The criminal base had 3.6 million dollars from robbing stuff and the police have not found it. Then one day Jeff and Jeff jr went to rob a museum but police were outside of it so they killed all of the police then took 4,000 dollars each. They brought it back to the criminal base. Then all of the criminals went in a pickup truck to go and fight with the good guys but then they forgot that they brought no guns so they drove back to the bad guy base and got their guns and drove to the police station. But there were no police there. So the bad guys drove around but they could not find the police so they drove back to the bad guy base. And they hung out there. Then he went to rob a train. He jumped onto the train and fell off, nearly cutting his head off. He got onto the train and robbed 4,000 dollars and took it back to the bad guy base. Than he went back to the police station and hijacked a helicopter and started flying it around than he found a police with a jetpack he killed the police and stole his jet pack and now he had a jetpack he was flying around In it while shooting policies and than every criminal had a keycard they started robbing lots of stuff. After that week of robbing stuff like crazy they had 5 million dollars. They spent it on a new Lamborghini, Chiron, and 3 new helicopters. 
