 Com’on  we are going to get caught’ no we won’t yelled Mat.  The sirens rang like crazy  John climbed the brown ropes the guards were catching up to them just then jonn and Mat jumped off the ropes they both landed on the mat they were hundreds of voices behind them yelling thugs! Thiefs!   Then a officer ambushed them and put handcuffs your coming in jail he whispered when they reached  the place it looked like a witch’s house  the walls were full of moss and spiders and the place was full of rats when they reached their  cell, the guard pushed them right in.This is all your dfffault  said matt now we are stuck in this rotting prison. Look we need to stop fighting and find our a way to get out of this place said jonn

             


        The plan

 They decided that one of them would distract a guard while the other would take a keycard and act casually; they soon put their plan to the test. The day finally came and they did their plan but it didn't go as expected, first another officer was always surrounding the officer they were talking to and it was super hard  to steal the keycard. So they ditched that idea. Their other plan was to bribe the police and they  had a couple of hundred bucks.





                                           Jailbreak

The loud sounds of footprints were thundering it was very stormy 
Mat kept at shooting at the policies but it seemed it would never end until they found the wall they blasted it and ran as quick as they can to the camaro and drove to the gun shop they grabbed their basic shotgun and left to the donut shop mat stranded guard and jonn robbed it and then split the money between them  1 day they hopped to be as good as jeff the killer is in robbing and escaping. They only knew how to rob gas and donut shop.




                                              Expert robbers
When they came back from the crime base they saw a lot of pro robbers and they told them that they could rob the museum with them. It was like a dream come true so they said yes and met at the museum. Since they never robbed it before. The other people helped them. After all the tests they were ready! They broke in and stole a mummy. The pro people told them they didn't know how to do the hard puzzle but lucky for them  Mat and Jonn were very good at puzzles and quickly finished it. They went to the volcano base and took their cash. They were very happy they robbed the  museum.


                  Hunter training
                                       They had enough money to buy an ak-47 and knew if they wanted to be good they had to have good stuff so they bought the ak-47.
Now they needed to find a way to get more money so they turned into a Expert Museum stealer, a robber who specializes with robbing museums it took them years of training to become one. Now that they had 1 million dollars from becoming an Expert Museum stealer, Mat and Jonn bought a ferrari, jetpack,missile launcher, and an apartment they were practically one of the best.



                         The bounty hunter


               But in the alley was a expert police called one eyed jack he was 1 of the best polices in the country along with his gang.
When he learned about jonn and mat he knew he must arrest them and put them in the most top security jail The Void. Any criminal put in their never escapes and the 2 criminals bounty was very high. He sent a search party to look for them.


                       The message 
Meanwhile the 2 criminals were resting comfortably in their apartment
But then they say a note on a door saying ‘He's coming to get you’
They were very confused. Until they saw the news on crime 
tv about an Expert police coming to town. Just then they knew someone wanted to arrest them. They set up traps and with the help of other criminals they made the perfect trap.



                                         The search 

When the search people came they found nothing and when they looked at the safe there was a bomb! The people fled from there as fast as they could. but the bomb jonn and mat planted  was a fake. The search people tried opening the door but it was locked. Just then a team of bandits ambushed the policies and killed them but one eyed jack was outraged he decided to go with more effective method.




                    A traitor in the mist
           
                              Jonn and Mat knew that only a traitor could have disclosed where they lived so they needed to find a way to know whos the spy they went to Dr Squid and asked him for missile launcher and grenerades next they gave all their members and friends grenades and a missile launcher and said i'm going to sleep can you all keep watch for me? In truth they were wearing bulletproof vests until they saw  Forger shoot at them. They finally knew the traitor; they quickly aimed their ak-47 at him and shot him.




                                  The rivalry 

       Both one eyed jack and mat and jonn were outraged they decided the only way to settle this was by a battle the 2 criminals made a gang
Called robux jewels the police made a squad of some of the most elite policies and forces. Mat and Jonn knew that they needed a better amory seller so they traveled to masia city, a place full of crime gangs 
When they reached there they drove to 1 shot a store made for criminals they got 3 tanks, some jets  and a lot more. The police squad got a permit and got heavy tanks and amory. Everyone was ready.
The gang captured all of the south states and villages. Mat and Jonn rode on a giant ship. When both sides were in the same area they blew the horn and started the battle of 2020 jailbreak. The thundering sounds of the tanks and machine guns made big earthquakes. Blood was spilled everywhere finally the battle was over and both one eyed jack and the 2 criminals died




    The follower 
 But somewhere in prison was a young child who wanted to be just like the 2 criminals somewhere hiding he only did his first murder at age 8 and when hes old enough he will be just like them.




