Did you know 50% of people never face their fears? That sounds like a scary number. But I was determined to face my fears, skiing… that one word gave me shudders just thinking about it. In case you are wondering why I'm so scared of skiing it's because the last time I went to the ski resort was a year ago. But oh boy did that scar my feelings for skiing. I was excited at first and went to a skiing place. And I was about to start, everything was good until… the middle. I slipped and fell and got so hurt I NEVER EVER wanted to ski again. But guess what? I was back in the very place that wanted me DEAD.
 
I wanted to run away and not ski but too late. I was already in the ski resort. Mom called me up to go follow her, so I did. Suddenly it felt like I was going to vomit. I was going to ski on the highest mountain. My stomach made a backflip. I wanted to run away and never ski but it was too late. 

I started skiing and thought about all the bad stuff that could happen to me. I shuddered just thinking about it. As I was ¼ of the way down I started realizing this wasn't too bad. Nevertheless, I never knew what horrors were ahead. I stared in utter dismay. The mountain area up ahead looked very steep. For what seemed a millisecond my ski just went blazing fast. I was so swift. I was scared out of my mind. 

Right after that happened, guess what? I got another thing to be scared about. Everyone was going as fast as an eagle swooping down. And down ahead was one of the steepest slopes I have ever seen. I didn't know if I was even going to survive this. I looked around hoping to see anyone that was slow. But no, all I got was a bunch of people zooming off. I felt like I was going to die. The worst part was no one will ever know what happened to me. I somehow survived that. And just felt happy knowing I’m alive.

After that horror passed, I felt like wanting to vomit 500x. I finally calmed down and thought “huh this isn't so bad”. I felt calm knowing I was finished with all the steep parts. I closed my eyes and drifted away. After I opened my eyes again, I saw I was done! And I knew just what to do. I stood up, went to my mom, and asked her “can I do this again?”!
