Did you know 100,000 animals are dying from plastic bags every year and this number keeps on increasing every day? If we don't act now our world will become uninhabitable soon. 


Devastating to Marine and other animals

Plastic bags are one of the biggest reasons marine animals are dying. 8 million tons of plastic dumps get put in the ocean causing marine animals to suffocate to death and digest the plastic bags. 100,00 Marine animals are dying due to plastic bags every year. This number will keep exponentially increasing until the whole ocean is filled with plastic. Just a tiny nibble of plastic is fatal for animals. Smaller animals get tangled in plastic bags.

An article by Vox, a popular site for explaining the current world's problems, shows that a lot more plastic may be in the ocean than we may think. Entire plastic bag mounds as big as Texas are in the ocean. But this may be more serious than we think. Vox and other news/environmental articles support this claim. A group of scientists affiliated with the ocean cleanup published a study showing that the plastic floating in the ocean only accounts for 1% of the plastic in the ocean. This problem is serious and we need to do something about this right now. 




Human Problems too

Plastic bags also clog drainage systems, channels, and sewers. The cost of fixing these sewers and drainage systems is expensive and could have been avoided by not using plastic bags. Fish and other seafood may eat plastic and when you eat the fish, plastic gets consumed in your body. Plastic bags inside your body can be fatal 
and kill you. 

Environmental activist David Suzuki said, “Plastic bags are bad and unnecessary for the most part”. Many other influential and nature-loving people also support this claim. Plastic is known to produce some radiation, and there are hypotheses that some plastic water bottles are cancer-causing whenever utilized after some time. If this is true then plastic bags should be banned to help the environment and our health. 

