
The emulation. Day -
Today was a scary day. It was the emulation day. A day so important it was known all over the world. If you want some history of the emulation day here’s how it came to be, back in 2100 around 100 years ago the world was in utter chaos. Whole neighborhoods being burned to the ground, people getting robbed and sometimes killed almost every other day. This kept on continuing for a few years until Juke decided to stop it, with his Insane wealth he bought nearly a billion bodyguards/solders and announced a plan to the world. “Our current state of the world is terrible, And I will fix it,





The openings.. - 

I woke up in a wild sweat… i was excited and nervous about the chess tournament. Rumors said a Grand chess master was going to play the winner of the tournament. I really wanted to feel what it was like to play against one of the best chess players in the world. After eating breakfast I went to the place the tournament was. The place was jam packed full of people and I didn’t know if I was going to even get 3rd place. I saw people of all ages here, a kid that was around just 7 years all the way to a 70 year old man. After a few minutes a loud announcement came. “Hello ladies and gentlemen here you are witnessing a once in a lifetime chess tournament, we will be realizing the fight-page within the next few minutes”. I was excited as ever. I just knew I had to win this tournament. After what felt like an hour the fight-page finally came out. Turns out I’m fighting against Yokioa. 



Dino Time - 
I smelled something funny and turned around to see a TAIL ON ME… not just any tail, it was a Dinosaurs tail! I quickly saw my skin turn to scales and started freaking out, what the heck was happening? My head started feeling weird and I looked into a mirror and saw my head was a Utahraptors head, my legs also changed. I was a dinosaur. And not just any dinosaur but a UtahRaptor 



The title - 

He started walking toward the mansion he was starving and was thinking he might die of starvation but just then the door opened and a stranger approached he said “come inside come inside.” So the person walking, entered the mansion and saw a ghost. He got scared until the stranger told him it was just a fake toy. The stranger introduced him as Juke and the other person said his name was zacky. After the two awkwardly talked, Zacky said he was starving and to please give him food. But Juke instead locked up Zacky and only gave him a glass of water. He was extremely confused. Why was he just locked up? He then shot a eye at juke who didn’t even pay attention to the cage anymore and just walked away. Zacky then looked around and saw many more like him locked in a cage. He decided enough was enough and tried to run away. 


